[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
[soft music playing]
[stirring music playing]
>> ♪ DO THE IMPOSSIBLE ♪
♪ SEE THE INVISIBLE ♪
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪
♪ TOUCH THE UNTOUCHABLE ♪
♪ BREAK THE UNBREAKABLE ♪
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪
♪ WHAT YOU GONNA DO ♪
♪ IS WHAT YOU WANNA DO ♪
♪ JUST BREAK THE ROOF ♪
♪ THEN YOU SEE THE TRUTH ♪
>> Kamina: DON’T CALL ME KAMINA.
CALL ME "BRO."
>> ♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪
>> Kamina: YOURS IS THE DRILL
THAT WILL BREAK THROUGH
THE VAULT OF HEAVEN!
>> ♪ WE BE THE ♪
>> Kamina: YAHOO!
I DON’T RUN AWAY!
>> ♪ THEY ALL FALL DOWN ♪
♪ DIGGIN’ TO THE CORE ♪
♪ TO SEE THE LIGHT ♪
♪ LET’S GET OUT OF HERE, BABE ♪
>> Kamina: THAT’S RIGHT.
I FORGOT. I’M SORRY.
UP ON THE SURFACE,
THERE AIN’T NO CEILING!
HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY,
HEY, HEY!
WHEN THEY TALK ABOUT ITS BADASS
LEADER, THEY’RE TALKING ABOUT
ME, THE MIGHTY KAMINA!
>> ♪ I’M STILL STARVING ♪
♪ FOR THE STRAIGHT‐UP SKILL ♪
>> Kamina: YOU DUMB‐ASS!
KICK LOGIC OUT AND DO THE
IMPOSSIBLE!
REMEMBER THAT.
THAT’S THE WAY TEAM GURREN
ROLLS!
>> ♪ GOOD LUCK, FELLAS ♪
>> Kamina: ADIOS, GIHA VILLAGE!
WE’RE GOING UP TO THE SURFACE!
THE SURFACE I SAW AS A KID!
>> ♪ BREAK THE UNBREAKABLE ♪
♪ ROW, ROW, ♪
>> Kamina: I’M KAMINA.
THIS IS SIMON.
HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY!
LISTEN UP, YA WALKING FACES!
HAVING LEFT HIS HOMELAND,
HE NEVER YIELDS, NEVER RETREATS,
AND NEVER REGRETS!
>> ♪ DEDICATES ♪
♪ TO THE REAL PEEPS ♪
♪ WHAT WE GOT TO SAY ♪
>> WHEN YOU’RE READY, COME UP
AND JOIN ME.
>> ♪ AIN’T NEVER ♪
♪ GONNA TELEVISE ♪
>> UNTIL THEN, KAMINA...
GOODBYE!
>> ♪ I’M ABOUT TO HIT YOU ♪
♪ WITH THE SCREAM ♪
♪ FROM THE UNDERGROUND ♪
♪ WHOLE CITY’S COVERED ♪
>> Kamina: GOT HERE JUST IN
TIME, BLOOD BROTHER!
[screaming]
>> ♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪
>> Kamina: THAT BODY GIVES ME
THE CHILLS EVERY TIME I LOOK
AT IT!
YEAH! IT’S ALL ABOUT THE
FIGHTING SPIRIT!
[alarm blares]
[yelling]
>> ♪ FIGHT THE POWER ♪
♪ DO THE IMPOSSIBLE ♪
♪ SEE THE INVISIBLE ♪
>> Kamina: SHOW ME SOME OF THAT
FIGHTING SPIRIT!
>> ♪ FIGHT THE POWER ♪
♪ TOUCH THE UNTOUCHABLE ♪
♪ BREAK THE UNBREAKABLE ♪
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪
[breathing heavily]
♪ JUST BREAK THE ROOF ♪
♪ THEN YOU SEE THE TRUTH ♪
♪ THIS IS THE THEME OF G ♪
♪ COMIN’, BABY ♪
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪
♪ DO THE IMPOSSIBLE ♪
♪ SEE THE INVISIBLE ♪
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪
♪ TOUCH THE UNTOUCHABLE ♪
♪ BREAK THE UNBREAKABLE ♪
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪
♪ WHAT YOU GONNA DO ♪
♪ IS WHAT YOU WANNA DO ♪
♪ JUST BREAK THE ROOF ♪
>> Kamina: DON’T SCREW WITH ME,
YOU BASTARDS.
JUST WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK
I AM?!
>> Yoko: ALL RIGHT, YOU TWO!
YOU’D BETTER GET BACK!
[whistles]
>> Kamina: YOU CAME FROM THE
SURFACE, DIDN’T YOU?
>> Yoko: YEAH, SO WHAT?
>> Kamina: THAT’S AWESOME.
SO THAT’S A WEAPON THEY USE
ON THE SURFACE, HUH?
DAMN, YOU GOT A MIGHTY FINE
BODY!
SURFACE CHICKS ARE A BREED
APART!
>> Yoko: IT’S YOKO.
YOKO IS MY NAME.
I NEVER INTRODUCED MYSELF,
DID I?
OKAY SIMON, JUST HOLD US
STEADY!
>> Simon: AH!
>> Yoko: I SAID HOLD US STEADY!
>> I’M WITH THE HUMAN
ERADICATION FORCES,
FAR EAST THEATER.
COMMANDER VIRAL!
WHERE DO YOU...
>> Kamina: AND I NEVER RUN FROM
MY ENEMIES!
>> YOUR PATHETIC BRAVADO WILL
GET YOU KILLED.
WHAT WAS‐‐
>> Kamina: DAMN!
SLIPPERY CREEP DODGED IT!
>> SO YOU WOUNDED ME.
VERY IMPRESSIVE.
BUT SNEAK ATTACKS ONLY WORK
ONE TIME.
SO NOW WHAT?
>> Kamina: HMPH.
>> FOR YOU, IT’S OVER!
>> Kamina: DON’T WORRY.
WE GOT THIS ONE.
>> Dayakka: GLAD YOU’RE FEELING
UP TO IT.
BUT IF WE DON’T BEAT HIM,
WE LOSE OUR HOME.
>> Kamina: YOU GUYS’RE MEMBERS
OF TEAM GURREN NOW!
I AIN’T GONNA LET THIS GUY TAKE
YOU OUT LIKE THAT!
>> Viral: SAME OLD TRICKS.
DON’T YOU EVER LEARN?!
>> Kamina: AH!
>> Viral: ON YOUR FEET.
[Kamina grunting]
>> Kamina: IT’S TIME TO BREAK
OUT THE YOU‐KNOW‐WHAT!
ARE YOU READY TO DO THIS?!
>> Simon: THE WHAT?
BRO, WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
>> Kamina: YOU DUMB‐ASS!
WHAT THE HELL ELSE DO YOU THINK
I’M TALKING ABOUT?!
WE’RE GONNA COMBINE!
MANLY COMBINING IS ALL ABOUT
FIGHTING SPIRIT,
THE GRACEFUL BEAUTY OF SOARING
THROUGH THE AIR!
>> Both: BROTHERLY COMBINING!
GURREN LAGANN!
>> Kamina: YOU’RE BEING AWFULLY
UNDERSTANDING ABOUT THIS.
>> WARRIORS OF THE CAPITAL PRIZE
DECORUM ABOVE ALL ELSE!
[Simon screams]
>> Kamina: WHAT’S THE CAPITAL?
>> THE SOLE CIVILIZATION
ON THE SURFACE, RULED BY THE
MIGHTY POWER OF THE SPIRAL KING!
>> Simon: SPIRAL KING?
>> Kamina: CIVILIZATION?
>> I AM ONE OF THE SPIRAL KING’S
FOUR GENERALS.
I’M KNOWN AS THYMILPH,
THE RAGING WAVE.
>> Kamina: YOKO, YOU JUST WATCH
MY BACK.
I’LL CRUSH ANYTHING THAT COMES
AT ME FROM UP AHEAD.
YOU DEAL WITH ANYTHING THAT
COMES FROM BEHIND.
>> Yoko: KAMINA.
>> Kamina: EH?
>> Yoko: YOUR BACK IS YOUR ONE
BIG BLIND SPOT.
>> Kamina: WHAT ARE YOU...
I’LL REPAY THAT.
I’LL REPAY THAT TEN TIMES OVER.
MARK MY WORDS.
[laughing]
WHAT’S SO FUNNY?
>> Yoko: COULDN’T YOU’VE PHRASED
THAT MORE ROMANTICALLY?
>> Kamina: NOW LET’S HEAD OUT
THERE AND RAISE A LITTLE HELL!
WE HAVE THE EDGE IN SPIRIT TOO!
GET IN THERE, SIMON!
>> Simon: LAGANN IMPACT!
>> HMM. THAT WAS CLOSE!
>> GENERAL THYMILPH, YOU’RE IN
GRAVE DANGER HERE!
>> WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO DO?!
>> Kamina: WE MERGED ’EM!
WE COMBINED OUR LAGANN
WITH YOUR DAI‐GUNZAN!
>> YOU WHAT?!
>> Kamina: THAT BEHEMOTH NOW
BELONGS TO US.
>> DAMN YOU, KAMINA.
THIS WAS ALL A SETUP!
>> Kamina: YEAH, SURE LOOKS THAT
WAY!
I PUT ALL OF OUR LUCK AND OUR
METTLE TO THE TEST!
YOU GUYS KEEP THE GUNMEN
PINNED DOWN!
I’LL SEE WHAT I CAN DO ABOUT
SIMON!
>> RIGHT!
[yelling]
SIMON! OPEN THE HATCH!
LET’S SEE YOU GRIT THOSE TEETH!
[Simon screams]
>> Simon: WHY, BRO?
>> Kamina: HAVE YOU SNAPPED OUT
OF IT YET?
I GIVE YOU MY WORD THAT IF YOU
EVER START TO DOUBT YOURSELF,
I’LL COME AND BELT YOU ONE.
SO DON’T WORRY.
I’M RIGHT BY YOUR SIDE.
JUST BELIEVE IN YOURSELF.
BELIEVE IN THE SIMON THAT I
HAVE FAITH IN.
>> Simon: RIGHT! YOU GOT IT!
[Kamina screams]
BRO, NO WAY!
>> Yoko: KAMINA?!
[Thymilph laughs]
>> YOU SAD, PATHETIC
LITTLE WORM.
YOU’LL SOON FIND THAT I WON’T
HAND OVER MY DAI‐GUNZAN
SO EASILY!
>> Kamina: THYMILPH?! DAMN!
I DIDN’T SEE‐‐AGH!
[scream echoing]
>> Simon: THAT DAY, WE LOST
SOMETHING THAT COULD NEVER BE
REPLACED.
[soft music playing]
♪ ♪
>> Simon: I CAN’T DO IT.
I’LL NEVER BE ABLE TO BE
LIKE YOU, BRO.
>> Lordgenome: THEY SEEK OUT THE
LIGHT EVEN THOUGH THE ONLY THING
AWAITING THEM IS DEATH’S
DARKNESS.
IT DISGUSTS ME...
PONDERING THE NATURE OF HOW
HUMANS REALLY ARE.
>> Nia: HAIL FELLOW. WELL MET.
I DO NOT UNDERSTAND.
HOW ARE YOU THE SAME AS I AM?
>> Simon: EH?
>> Nia: YOU HAVE NO TAIL, NO
CLAWS, NO FEATHERS.
THAT AND YOUR SKIN IS SO SOFT.
>> Simon: WELL, THAT’S ONLY
NATURAL.
I MEAN, AFTER ALL,
I’M A HUMAN BEING.
>> Nia: "HUMAN BEING"?
>> Simon: YEAH. A HUMAN.
YOU KNOW, LIKE A PERSON.
>> Nia: PLEASE TELL ME,
WHAT EXACTLY IS A HUMAN?
HOW DO YOU DO, SIR.
IT’S LOVELY TO MEET YOU.
I’M NIA.
NOW THEN, WHAT’S YOUR NAME?
>> THERE’S NO ESCAPE,
FILTHY HUMANS.
>> Nia: I KNOW THAT VOICE.
>> Yoko: ARE YOU STUPID
OR SOMETHING?!
>> Nia: STOP THIS AT ONCE,
ADIANE!
FIRST PRINCESS NIA, DAUGHTER
OF SPIRAL KING LORDGENOME!
I COMMAND YOU TO LEAVE,
ADIANE, THE ELEGANT!
ARE YOU NOT AWARE OF WHO I AM?
>> YOU REALLY PISS ME OFF!
IF YOU WANNA GO, TAKE YOUR OWN
SORRY ASS!
>> Nia: SO DOES THIS MEAN
YOU HATE ME TOO, ADIANE?
>> HATE YOU?
I REALLY COULDN’T CARE LESS
ABOUT YOU. [laughs]
I WAS TOLD TO KILL YOU,
SO THAT’S PRECISELY WHAT I’M
GOING TO DO!
>> Nia: IF MY FATHER ORDERED YOU
TO TAKE YOUR OWN LIFE,
WOULD YOU DO THAT TOO?
YOU’VE GOT THIS ALL WRONG,
ADIANE!
THESE PEOPLE ARE DECENT AND
GOOD, AND THEY HAVE DONE NOTHING
WRONG!
DON’T YOU THINK THERE MIGHT BE
SOMETHING WRONG WITH THAT?
>> NO, I DON’T, BECAUSE
THERE ISN’T!
>> Nia: LIKE A DOLL?
>> Guame: NOW I’VE BEEN TOLD YOU
ACTUALLY ASKED HIM STRAIGHT TO
HIS FACE, "WHY WAS I BORN?"
THAT WAS A BAD MOVE.
HIS MAJESTY DETESTS HUMAN
SELF‐AWARENESS.
BUT WHO CAN BLAME HIM?
WHY WOULD A PUPPET, A SIMPLE
PLAYTHING, NEED SELF‐AWARENESS?
>> Nia: SO I’M...I’M JUST LIKE
THAT DOLL.
>> YES, THAT’S RIGHT.
AND SOMEDAY THEY’LL BE
DISCARDED...
EXACTLY LIKE YOU WERE!
[laughing]
>> Nia: YOU KNOW...
YOU’LL NEVER BE YOUR BRO.
I THINK YOU SHOULD ALWAYS BE
YOURSELF.
[giggles]
>> Kamina: LISTEN, SIMON.
NEVER FORGET THIS.
BELIEVE IN YOURSELF.
NOT IN THE SIMON THAT I HAVE
FAITH IN.
NOT IN THE KAMINA THAT YOU
BELIEVE IN, EITHER.
BELIEVE IN THE SIMON...
>> Simon: WHO BELIEVES IN YOU!
[gasps]
>> Nia: SIMON WILL NEVER LOSE
TO THE LIKES OF YOU!
[gasps]
>> Simon: NIA, I’M HERE TO
RESCUE YOU!
COME ON!
>> Nia: SIMON!
>> Simon: AND NOW I UNDERSTAND!
>> Nia: SO DO I.
THANKS A LOT, SIMON!
>> Simon: MY BRO IS DEAD.
HE’S GONE.
BUT HE’S RIGHT THERE ON MY BACK
AND HERE IN MY HEART!
HE LIVES ON AS PART OF ME!
IF YOU’RE GONNA DIG,
DIG TO THE HEAVENS.
NO MATTER WHAT’S IN MY WAY,
I WON’T STOP.
ONCE I’VE DUG THROUGH,
IT MEANS THAT I’VE WON!
>> YOU WHAT?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
>> Simon: JUST WHO THE HELL DO
YOU THINK I AM?
I’M SIMON.
I’M NOT MY BRO.
I’M ME...
SIMON THE DIGGER!
FINISHING MOVE.
>> NO WAY.
>> Yoko: THAT MOVE WAS A...
>> Simon: GIGA...
DRILL...
BREAK!
PUT HER DOWN!
LET NIA GO!
[screams]
>> GENERAL ADIANE!
>> Simon: NO, YOU DON’T!
>> DAMN YOU.
DAMN YOU, GURREN LAGANN!
DAMN!
>> THE TIME HAS FINALLY COME
TO DEMONSTRATE MY POWER.
YOUR MAJESTY, THE SPIRAL KING,
WATCH THIS BATTLE CLOSELY!
ALL UNITS, ADVANCE!
[rock music playing]
♪ ♪
>> Simon: IT WORKED!
>> HOW CAN THIS BE?!
HOW CAN I BE LOSING TO A LOWLY
HUMAN CUB?!
[chuckles]
>> Lordgenome: WHAT ARE HUMANS?
WELL, DO YOU REALLY WISH
TO KNOW THE ANSWER?
DO YOU, VIRAL?
>> YES!
>> Simon: BRO, I COULD NEVER BE
YOU, BUT I’M GOING OFF TO DO
WHAT ONLY I CAN DO.
[Boota grunts]
THE THINGS THAT ONLY SIMON
THE DIGGER CAN DO.
[yelling]
[screaming]
>> Lordgenome: WHAT’S WRONG?
HAS ALL YOUR SPIRAL POWER
RUN DRY?
>> Nia: SIMON!
IF EVERYONE’S FAITH IN YOU
IS THE THING THAT GIVES YOU
ALL OF YOUR STRENGTH,
THEN I’LL BELIEVE IN YOU WITH
EVERY FIBER OF MY BEING!
SO PLEASE, PLEASE WIN!
[laughing]
>> Lordgenome: I HAVEN’T HAD
THIS MUCH FUN IN A LONG TIME,
BOY.
NOW, BACK INTO THE DIRT
WITH YOU!
A CORE DRILL?!
>> Simon: AND THAT SOMETHING IS
MY DRILL!
>> Lordgenome: I SEE.
YOUR SPIRAL POWER HAS GROWN
SUFFICIENT TO OUTSTRIP MY OWN.
>> Simon: LORDGENOME.
>> Lordgenome: I WILL LEAVE YOU
WITH THIS WARNING.
WHEN THE LAND OVERFLOWS WITH
A MILLION APES, THE MOON SHALL
BECOME HELL’S MESSENGER
AND COMPLETELY DESTROY
THE WORLD OF THE SPIRAL.
>> Simon: WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?!
>> Nia: FATHER, NO!
FAREWELL, MY FATHER.
I WILL HEAD TOWARDS TOMORROW.
[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> Rossiu: SEVEN YEARS HAVE
PASSED.
PEOPLE ARE INDULGING THEMSELVES
IN THESE DAYS OF PEACE,
NOT KNOWING THAT THEIR EMPTY
STOMACHS ARE BEING FILLED WITH
THE WINE OF RUIN.
NEXT TIME ON GURREN LAGANN,
"YOU DON’T KNOW ANYTHING."